PR: Transform type promotion md to rst (#371)
data-apis/array-api: spec/API_specification/type_promotion.rst

.. _type-promotion:

Type Promotion Rules
====================

    Array API specification for type promotion rules.

Type promotion rules can be understood at a high level from the following diagram:

.. image:: /_static/images/dtype_promotion_lattice.png
    :target: Type promotion diagram

> _Type promotion diagram. Promotion between any two types is given by their join on this lattice. Only the types of participating arrays matter, not their values. Dashed lines indicate that behavior for Python scalars is undefined on overflow. Boolean, integer and floating-point dtypes are not connected, indicating mixed-kind promotion is undefined._

Reviewer: Should this paragraph be enclosed with `*` rather than `_`?

-   **u4**: 32-bit unsigned integer (i.e., ``uint32``)
-   **u8**: 64-bit unsigned integer (i.e., ``uint64``)

Mixed unsigned and signed integer type promotion table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

+--------+----+----+----+
|        | u1 | u2 | u4 |
+========+====+====+====+
| **i1** | i2 | i4 | i8 |
+--------+----+----+----+
| **i2** | i2 | i4 | i8 |
+--------+----+----+----+
| **i4** | i4 | i4 | i8 |
+--------+----+----+----+
| **i8** | i8 | i8 | i8 |
+--------+----+----+----+

Floating-point type promotion table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

+--------+----+----+
|        | f4 | f8 |
+========+====+====+
| **f4** | f4 | f8 |
+--------+----+----+
| **f8** | f8 | f8 |
+--------+----+----+

where

-   **f4**: single-precision (32-bit) floating-point number (i.e., ``float32``)
-   **f8**: double-precision (64-bit) floating-point number (i.e., ``float64``)

Notes
~~~~~

-   Type promotion rules must apply when determining the common result type for two **array** operands during an arithmetic operation, regardless of array dimension. Accordingly, zero-dimensional arrays must be subject to the same type promotion rules as dimensional arrays.

> -   Type promotion of non-numerical data types to numerical data types is unspecified (e.g., `bool` to ``intxx`` or ``floatxx``).

Reviewer: Backticks around `bool`.

> -   Type promotion of non-numerical data types to numerical data types is unspecified (e.g., `bool` to ``intxx`` or ``floatxx``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Type promotion of non-numerical data types to numerical data types is unspecified (e.g., ``boo`l` to ``intxx`` or ``floatxx``).
```
